This is a test of the vi editor. As well as practice.
Once again I'm making some edits. This is some more test.

With a screen editor you can scroll the page,
move the cursor, delete lines, insert characters, and more, while seeing the results of your edits as you make them.
Screen editors are very popular.

This is some new text.

With a screen editor you can scroll
the page, move the cursor, delete
lines, and insert characters.

With a screen editor you can scroll the page,

This line. by what line? by what line?by what line?by what line?by what line?by what line?by what line?by what line?by what line?

'yy' will 'yank' an entire line of text and then using 'p', you can paste it
as many times as you like, as below:
With what? this text right here. done. overstriked with 'R'. Now the wrap
With what? this text right here. done. overstriked with 'R'. Now the wrap
With what? this text right here. done. overstriked with 'R'. Now the wrap
With what? this text right here. done. overstriked with 'R'. Now the wrap

With a screen editor you can scroll the page, 
With what? this text right here. done. overstriked with 'R'. Now the wrap
margin is in effect, and will add new lines as soon as it gets within 10
characters of the edge of the line. It doesn't, however, affect lines that
have already been written.

is an attempt to replace the first 5 characters of a line with 's'
Capital 'B' moves back whole words vs 'b' that moves backwards words, but
also counts puntuation. 'W' and 'w' have a similar effect.

The '.' command will repeat whatever was the last command executed, whether
it was 'p', 'yy', 'dd', or whatever.

The 'u' command will undo whatever was the last command that was given - regardless of where the cursor currently is - how convinient.

MORE WAYS TO INSERT TEXT: "using 'A' to do it at the end of the line.
At the beginning of the line, by using 'I'. What are some other ways?
'O' will insert a new blank line above the line where the cursor is currently located!
Small 'o' will insert a blank line below the line where the cursor is located.
Both of these last lines are very similar the the 'i' and 'a' command, which both insert text relative to the cursor; i.e. either before or after.

  
